Your bias is the Anchoring Bias, which means that you might rely too much on the first piece of information you get when making a decision. It's like when you see a toy that costs $50, and then you see another toy that costs $30, you might think the $30 toy is a good deal even if it's not really what you want.
Your bias is the Confirmation Bias, which means that you might only pay attention to information that supports what you already believe, and ignore information that goes against it. It's like when you think your favorite soccer team is the best, you might only pay attention to news articles that say they're doing well, and ignore news articles that say they're not doing well.
Your bias is the Negativity Bias, which means that you might pay more attention to negative things than positive things. It's like when you get a lot of compliments on your drawing, but one person says they don't like it, you might focus on the one negative comment and forget about all the positive ones.
Your bias is the Bandwagon Effect, which means that you might do something just because a lot of other people are doing it, even if it's not the best decision for you. It's like when all your friends are wearing a certain style of clothing, you might want to wear it too, even if it doesn't look good on you.
Your bias is the Sunk Cost Fallacy, which means that you might keep investing time or money into something, even if it's not working out, just because you've already invested so much. It's like when you start reading a book that you don't like, but you keep reading it because you don't want to waste the time you already spent reading it.
Your bias is the False Consensus Effect, which means that you might think that most people agree with you, even if they don't. It's like when you really like a certain type of music, you might think that most people like that music too, even if they don't.
Your bias is the Hindsight Bias, which means that you might think that you knew something was going to happen after it has already happened, even if you didn't actually know. It's like when your friend gets lost on the way to your house, you might say that you knew they were going to get lost even if you didn't actually predict it.
Your bias is the Framing Effect, which means that the way something is presented to you can influence your decision-making. It's like when you see a commercial for a toy that says "get it now before it's gone," you might be more likely to buy the toy even if you don't really need it.